nixos/qbittorrent: pre-seed QueueingSystemEnabled to prevent legacy mode (#518449)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2605.section.md

> 
> <!-- To avoid merge conflicts, consider adding your item at an arbitrary place in the list instead. -->
> 
> - `services.qbittorrent`: when `serverConfig` is non-empty, the module now
>   pre-seeds `BitTorrent/Session/QueueingSystemEnabled = false` to match the
>   current qBittorrent upstream default. Previously, any non-empty
>   `serverConfig` silently activated qBittorrent's legacy-default mode, which
>   set `QueueingSystemEnabled = true` regardless of the upstream default.
>   Users who rely on torrent queuing must now set it explicitly:
>   ```nix
>   {
>     services.qbittorrent.serverConfig.BitTorrent.Session.QueueingSystemEnabled = true;
>   }
>   ```
> 

Reviewer: Spelling should consistently be "queueing" instead of "queuing" to match upstream.

I would also change the wording a bit. It currently reads like "NixOS is updating to follow upstream drift" instead of "This is a fix for a NixOS bug unintentionally inverting the default"

```suggestion
- `services.qbittorrent`: when `serverConfig` is non-empty, the module now
  pre-seeds `BitTorrent/Session/QueueingSystemEnabled = false` to match
  qBittorrent's documented default. Previously, writing any
  `serverConfig` caused qBittorrent to misclassify the install as an
  upgrade from a pre-4.3 version and inject the historical default
  (`true`), enabling torrent queueing silently. Users who currently have
  queueing enabled (whether intentionally or through the previous
  incorrect behavior) must set it explicitly to retain it after
  upgrading:
  ```nix
  {
    services.qbittorrent.serverConfig.BitTorrent.Session.QueueingSystemEnabled = true;
  }
  ```

```

<!-- To avoid merge conflicts, consider adding your item at an arbitrary place in the list instead. -->

- `services.qbittorrent`: when `serverConfig` is non-empty, the module now
  pre-seeds `BitTorrent/Session/QueueingSystemEnabled = false` to match
  qBittorrent's documented default. Previously, writing any `serverConfig`
  caused qBittorrent to misclassify the install as an upgrade from a pre-4.3
  version and inject the historical default (`true`), enabling torrent
  queueing silently. Users who currently have queueing enabled (whether
  intentionally or through the previous incorrect behavior) must set it
  explicitly to retain it after upgrading:
  ```nix
  {

>     services.qbittorrent.serverConfig.BitTorrent.Session.QueueingSystemEnabled =
>       true;

Reviewer: This should be one line, same as the CI failure below. A run of `nix fmt` would have caught this.

```suggestion
    services.qbittorrent.serverConfig.BitTorrent.Session.QueueingSystemEnabled = true;
```
